WIP: containers.conf: add `events_logfile_max_size` (#963)
containers/common: docs/containers.conf.5.md

Define where event logs will be stored, when events_logger is "file".

**events_logfile_max_size**=0

> Sets the maximum size for events_logfile_path in bytes. When limimted is exceeded,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum size for events_logfile_path in bytes. When the limit is exceeded,
```

the logfile will be rotated and the old one will be deleted.

**events_logger**="journald"

> 

Reviewer 2: Small-Nit: Extra blank line

**events_logger**="journald"

> Sets the maximum size for event logfile in bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the maximum size for events_logfile_path in bytes.
```
Plus description of what happens once the limit is exceeded.

Reviewer: Same at other locations.
